hi everyone and welcome to my very first
video for my new blog WWL of vitamin
calm I'm a little bit nervous about
making a video but hopefully I'll get
more comfortable with the cameras as
time goes on so it's a new website but
it's about curing acne naturally and
permanently and dealing with you know
the heavy emotions that go hand-in-hand
with the skin problem like this uh so
just to introduce myself and let you
know who I am and why I'm here telling
you that you should listen to my advice
so my name is Tracy and I'm 23 almost 24
i'm from the west coast of Canada
sometimes being coover sometimes I live
in my hometown which is just up the
coast a little bit from Vancouver so in
my personal life I like painting
travelling like dancing at festivals and
socializing I work for a kayak company
every summer in my hometown which I i
really enjoy as far as you know being
outside and getting fresh air and that
kind of thing I'm also currently working
on a diploma in my free time to become
holistic nutritionist as far as my story
with acne goes well I had always had
acne I started getting it about seventh
grade I guess um it was never that bad
just mild breakouts on a continuing
basis sometimes worse than others but it
was never the end of the world I mean it
definitely embarrassed me by all means
and but it didn't really interfere with
my life until about a year ago when I
very suddenly came down with a severe
case of acne it was definitely the most
awful time of my life bar none it was
all over my forehead all around my mouth
all around here down crossed my chin it
was just everywhere and it was really
bad and actually I in my about me page
you can go check it out there's some
before and afters in there of what it
looked like that a year ago and what I
look like now seeing go check that out
anyway uh at this time I became really
withdrawn depressed extremely desperate
I spent an embarrassing amount of time
in front of the mirror running there
every mon or every morning first thing
in the morning hoping in vain that Italy
disappeared and then it was all just a
bad dream and if you've ever had bad
acne then you probably know what that
feels like and while acne is not always
the most physically painful disease that
you could get uh I doubt there's a
disease out there the drop kicks so many
millions of people's self-esteem every
single day it's just awful uh anyway um
the good news is that acne can be
permanently banished from your life with
the help of holistic approach and it
does work for everyone and it addresses
the root causes of the acne so that it
doesn't come back again and again and
when I first came down with my severe
case I lovely I'd already known about
the holistic approach through my own
research so that was great because you
know as hard as it is sometimes to
implement a healthy lifestyle I mean
it's really not I mean
I have to admit like it's not as easy as
a one-stop quick fix but deep down I
knew that this was the only true way to
get out of the cycle of frustration and
just make sure that that heart wrenching
pain but my severe acne had caused would
never come back anyway um my journey
isn't over my skin is really good it's
not perfect I'm still working through a
lot of the fear and emotions that the
legacy of that's nice to hear personal
favor Sorry Sorry um so as I say I'm
still working through a lot of fear and
emotions that the severe breakout has
left me with so just let you know like
we're still all in this together I've
started this website because even though
there are already some fantastic
websites out there already when it comes
to healing acne naturally I find that
you know there's always more room for a
little more hope out there you know
someone else who's done it and it knows
what they're doing so that they can help
you along your journey to better health
and happiness because of all we really
want right so anyway i'll be discussing
all sorts of things on my blog and i'd
really love to get your feedback so you
can leave comments on my website or you
can email me questions and feedback at
Tracy at the LA vitamin calm
I'll be able to respond to you or
address your questions in an article or
video and okay book so that was my first
video stay tuned for more and i'll see
you next time bye